Make secret_key_base doc more explicit [ci skip] (#45333)
rails/rails: guides/source/configuring.md

Configures lookup path for encryption key.

#### `config.secret_key_base`

The fallback for specifying the input secret for an application's key generator.

> You should probably use one of the alternatives for specifying this value and
> leave this unset, see [`secret_key_base`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/Rails/Application.html#method-i-secret_key_base)

Reviewer: I like linking to the API docs, but I feel like we can still provide an immediate recommendation:

```suggestion
It is recommended to leave this unset, and instead to specify a `secret_key_base`
in `config/credentials.yml.enc`. See the [`secret_key_base` API documentation](
https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/Rails/Application.html#method-i-secret_key_base)
for more information and alternative configuration methods.
```
